Update known issues on SQL Master DB (#731)
Azure/azure-policy: README.md

   ```
- Microsoft.DataLakeStore/accounts
  - This type behaves similarly to Microsoft.Sql/servers/autidintSettings. Compliance of some fields cannot be determined except in AuditIfNotExits and DeployIfNotExists.

> - SQL Master DB 
>    - This type behaves similarly to Microsoft.Sql/servers/autidintSettings. Compliance of some fields cannot be determined except in AuditIfNotExits and DeployIfNotExists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Microsoft.Sql 'master' database 
   - This type behaves similarly to Microsoft.Sql/servers/auditingSettings. Compliance of some fields cannot be determined except in `AuditIfNotExists` and `DeployIfNotExists` policies.
```
